= Project: Siffer  -  h3o(software) SIF Implementation

== Welcome to Siffer

This is the h3o(software) implementation of the SIF (School Interoperability 
Framework) in Ruby. The project is Ruby based and includes all of the SIF 
infrastructure (Data Model, Agents, Zone Integration Servers and even database 
stores). 

== Goal

The overriding goal of this project is to provide anyone in the education 
industry a quick, easy and simple SIF implementation tool. The entire system 
can be managed by a browser.

=== Setup and Deployment

Siffer is easy to install and setup. Zone Integration Servers and Agents can be 
created from the browser. Administrators will be able to manage all components 
of their deployment from a command line or browser.

== Philosophy 

Remove the complexity from the implementation. Make the execution and 
deployment of SIF easy.

== Implementation Information (sifinfo.org)

This implementation is based on version 2.2 of the SIF Specification. The 
Specification is in {PDF}[link:../SIF%20ImplementationSpecification.pdf] format 
inside the doc folder.


More information here: http://sifinfo.org.

== Description of Contents

== Useage

== License

Siffer is released under the MIT License

== Installation

Siffer can be installed from the siffer gem:

% [sudo] gem install siffer

== Support

Please contact the author (mailto://clint.hill@h3osoftware.com) for support 
issues. If you want to contribute do the same. 

=== Contributors

This project is developed by spec. Build spec tests for all of your features. 
Document everything.

== Contact

- Author:: {Clint Hill} mailto://clint.hill@h3osoftware.com
- Home Page:: http://h3osoftware.com/siffer
- GitHub:: git://github.com/clinth3o/siffer.git
- RubyForge:: http://rubyforge.org/projects/siffer/